README.md, before:

# eboekhouden-cli

Use [eboekhouden.nl](https://eboekhouden.nl) from the command line.   ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/project%20status-works%20on%20my%20computer-ff69b4.svg)

# Install

```
git clone https://github.com/timotk/eboekhouden
cd eboekhouden
python setup.py install
```

# Usage

### Show all options
```
$ ebh --help
Usage: ebh [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

  eboekhouden.nl from the command line

Options:
  --help  Show this message and exit.

Commands:
  activities  List available activities.
  add       Add hours for a given date.
  list      Show hours for this month.
  projects  List available projects.
  remove    Remove hours for a given id.
  setup     Store credentials in system keyring.
```

### Add 4 hours to your default project
```
$ ebh add 4
Adding 4.0 hours for 2018-03-28 to "Your Default Project"...
```

### Add 8 hours for tomorrow for project id 1893
```
$ ebh add --project_id 1893 8 tomorrow
Adding 8.0 hours for 2018-03-29 to "Your Awesome Project"...
```

### Show hours for this month
```
$ ebh list
+---------+------------+-----------+-----------------------------+--------------------------+----------------------------+---------------+
|      id | Datum      | Weekdag   | Project                     | Activiteit               | Opmerkingen                |   Aantal uren |
|---------+------------+-----------+-----------------------------+--------------------------+----------------------------+---------------|
| 1393023 | 2018-03-01 | Thursday  | The Best Project            | Training                 | Top training!              |             8 |
+---------+------------+-----------+-----------------------------+--------------------------+----------------------------+---------------+
```

### Remove hours
Remove hours using the id shown when using the `list` command.
```
$ ebh remove 1393023
Are you sure you want to remove 8.0 hours for "Your Awesome Project" on 2018-03-28?'[y/N]y
Removing 8.0 hours for "Your Awesome Project" on 2018-03-28
```

### List your projects
```
$ ebh projects
+------------+-------+--------------------------------------------+
| selected   |    id | name                                       |
|------------+-------+--------------------------------------------|
| False      | 14013 | Intern                                     |
| False      | 24202 | Vakantie uren/dagen                        |
| False      | 40910 | Ziektedagen                                |
+------------+-------+--------------------------------------------+
```

Commit message:

Update readme to include comment option

README.md, after:

# eboekhouden-cli

Use [eboekhouden.nl](https://eboekhouden.nl) from the command line.   ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/project%20status-works%20on%20my%20computer-ff69b4.svg)

# Install

```
git clone https://github.com/timotk/eboekhouden
cd eboekhouden
python setup.py install
```

# Usage

### Show all options
```
$ ebh --help
Usage: ebh [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

  eboekhouden.nl from the command line

Options:
  --help  Show this message and exit.

Commands:
  activities  List available activities.
  add       Add hours for a given date.
  list      Show hours for this month.
  projects  List available projects.
  remove    Remove hours for a given id.
  setup     Store credentials in system keyring.
```

### Add 4 hours to your default project with an optional comment
```
$ ebh add 4 --comment "Worked on project A"
Adding 4.0 hours for 2018-03-28 to "Your Default Project"...
```

### Add 8 hours for tomorrow for project id 1893
```
$ ebh add --project_id 1893 8 tomorrow
Adding 8.0 hours for 2018-03-29 to "Your Awesome Project"...
```

### Show hours for this month
```
$ ebh list
+---------+------------+-----------+-----------------------------+--------------------------+----------------------------+---------------+
|      id | Datum      | Weekdag   | Project                     | Activiteit               | Opmerkingen                |   Aantal uren |
|---------+------------+-----------+-----------------------------+--------------------------+----------------------------+---------------|
| 1393023 | 2018-03-01 | Thursday  | The Best Project            | Training                 | Top training!              |             8 |
+---------+------------+-----------+-----------------------------+--------------------------+----------------------------+---------------+
```

### Remove hours
Remove hours using the id shown when using the `list` command.
```
$ ebh remove 1393023
Are you sure you want to remove 8.0 hours for "Your Awesome Project" on 2018-03-28?'[y/N]y
Removing 8.0 hours for "Your Awesome Project" on 2018-03-28
```

### List your projects
```
$ ebh projects
+------------+-------+--------------------------------------------+
| selected   |    id | name                                       |
|------------+-------+--------------------------------------------|
| False      | 14013 | Intern                                     |
| False      | 24202 | Vakantie uren/dagen                        |
| False      | 40910 | Ziektedagen                                |
+------------+-------+--------------------------------------------+
```
